Moves APIs into Reference section. (#264)
filecoin-project/lotus-docs: content/en/storage-providers/operate/maintenance.md

export FULLNODE_API_INFO=<api_token>:/ip4/<lotus_daemon_ip>/tcp/<lotus_daemon_port>/http
```

> Follow these steps to learn [how to obtain a token]({{< relref "reference/basics/overview" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to learn [how to obtain a token]({{< relref "reference/basics/api-access/#api-tokens" >}}).
```
